add troubleshooting guide for "Stack CDKToolkit already exists" (#7548)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/troubleshooting/stack-cdktoolkit-already-exists/index.mdx

  description: 'Addressing issues with upgrading CDKToolkit stacks',
  platforms: [
    "android",
    'angular',
    "flutter",
    'javascript',
    'nextjs',
    'react',
    'react-native',
    "swift",
    'vue'
  ]
};

export function getStaticPaths() {
  return getCustomStaticPath(meta.platforms);
}

export function getStaticProps(context) {
  return {
    props: {
      platform: context.params.platform,
      meta
    }
  };
}

If you are deploying an Amplify Gen 2 app for the first time and have previously [bootstrapped](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/bootstrapping.html) your AWS account to work with the [AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK)](https://aws.amazon.com/cdk/), and you encounter the following error in the Amplify Console:

```console title="Amplify Console" showLineNumbers={false}
Build error!
Stack [CDKToolkit] already exists
```

You can mitigate by manually updating your `CDKToolkit` stack using the browser-based [AWS CloudShell](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudshell/):

```bash title="AWS CloudShell" showLineNumbers={false}
cdk bootstrap aws://$(aws sts get-caller-identity --query Account --output text)/$AWS_REGION
```

> Or by executing the AWS CDK CLI from your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or by running `bootstrap` using AWS CDK CLI from your terminal:
```
